src/content/docs/development.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Development Guide'
description: 'Comprehensive guide for developing with ShipKit'
---

# Development Guide

This guide covers everything you need to know about developing applications with ShipKit, from local setup to production deployment.

## Development Environment

### IDE Configuration

We recommend using [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) with these essential extensions:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Biome" icon="code">
    [Biome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=biomejs.biome) for formatting and linting
  </Card>
  <Card title="Tailwind CSS" icon="paintbrush">
    [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)
  </Card>
  <Card title="MDX" icon="markdown">
    [MDX](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=unifiedjs.vscode-mdx)
  </Card>
  <Card title="TypeScript" icon="code">
    [TypeScript](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-typescript.vscode-typescript-next)
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

#### VS Code Settings

```json
{
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome",
  "[javascript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome"
  },
  "[typescript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome"
  },
  "[typescriptreact]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome"
  },
  "typescript.preferences.importModuleSpecifier": "non-relative",
  "typescript.preferences.importModuleSpecifierEnding": "minimal",
  "typescript.preferences.preferTypeOnlyAutoImports": true
}
```

### Development Scripts

ShipKit provides comprehensive npm scripts for development:

```bash
# Development Servers
pnpm dev           # Start development server with Turbo
pnpm dev.legacy    # Start without Turbo
pnpm dev.https     # Start with HTTPS
pnpm dev.all       # Start with workers
pnpm dev.docs      # Start documentation server

# Database Management
pnpm db.generate   # Generate Drizzle types
pnpm db.migrate    # Run migrations
pnpm db.push      # Push schema changes
pnpm db.studio    # Open Drizzle Studio
pnpm db.seed      # Seed database
pnpm db.reset     # Reset database
pnpm db.drop      # Drop database
pnpm db.sync      # Sync database

# Testing
pnpm test         # Run all tests
pnpm test:browser # Run browser tests
pnpm test:watch   # Watch mode
pnpm test:coverage # Generate coverage report

# Code Quality
pnpm typecheck    # Check types
pnpm lint         # Run Biome lint
pnpm lint.fix     # Fix linting issues
pnpm format       # Run Biome format
pnpm check        # Run Biome check

# Workers
pnpm workers.build # Build workers
pnpm workers.dev   # Start worker development
```

## Project Architecture

### Directory Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── (auth)/            # Authentication routes
│   ├── (marketing)/       # Public pages
│   ├── dashboard/         # Protected routes
│   ├── api/               # API routes
│   └── _components/       # Route components
├── components/            # React components
│   ├── ui/               # Shadcn/UI components
│   ├── forms/            # Form components
│   ├── blocks/           # Content blocks
│   └── providers/        # Context providers
├── server/               # Server-side code
│   ├── actions/          # Server actions
│   ├── services/         # Business logic
│   ├── db/              # Database schema
│   ├── utils/           # Server utilities
│   ├── middleware/      # Custom middleware
│   └── api/             # API endpoints
├── lib/                  # Utilities
│   ├── utils/           # Helper functions
│   ├── hooks/           # Custom hooks
│   └── config/          # Configuration
├── workers/             # Web Workers
├── migrations/          # Database migrations
├── test/               # Test setup
├── types/              # TypeScript types
└── trpc/              # tRPC configuration
```

## Configuration Files

### TypeScript Configuration

```typescript
// tsconfig.json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    /* Type Checking */
    "strict": true,
    "strictNullChecks": true,
    "noUncheckedIndexedAccess": true,
    "checkJs": true,
    "allowJs": true,
    /* Modules */
    "module": "ESNext",
    "moduleResolution": "Bundler",
    "moduleDetection": "force",
    "resolveJsonModule": true,
    "isolatedModules": true,
    /* Emit */
    "noEmit": true,
    "sourceMap": true,
    "inlineSources": true,
    "incremental": true,
    /* Language and Environment */
    "target": "ES2022",
    "lib": ["dom", "dom.iterable", "ES2022"],
    "jsx": "preserve",
    /* Path Aliases */
    "baseUrl": ".",
    "paths": {
      "@payload-config": ["./src/payload.config.ts"],
      "@/public/*": ["./public/*"],
      "@/*": ["./src/*"],
      "~/*": ["./*"]
    }
  },
  "include": [
    ".eslintrc.json",
    "next-env.d.ts",
    "**/*.ts",
    "**/*.js",
    "**/*.md",
    "**/*.mdx",
    ".next/types/**/*.ts",
    "src/types/next-auth.d.ts",
    "next.config.ts"
  ]
}
```

### Testing Configuration

```typescript
// vitest.config.ts
import react from "@vitejs/plugin-react";
import tsconfigPaths from "vite-tsconfig-paths";
import { defineConfig } from "vitest/config";

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [react(), tsconfigPaths()],
  test: {
    environment: "jsdom",
    globals: true,
    setupFiles: ["./src/test/setup.ts"],
    coverage: {
      provider: "v8",
      reporter: ["text", "json", "html"],
      exclude: [
        "node_modules/**",
        "src/test/**",
        "**/*.d.ts",
        "**/*.config.ts",
        "**/types/**",
      ],
    }
  }
});
```

### Code Quality

```json
// biome.json
{
  "$schema": "https://biomejs.dev/schemas/1.9.4/schema.json",
  "organizeImports": {
    "enabled": true
  },
  "linter": {
    "enabled": true,
    "rules": {
      "recommended": true,
      "correctness": {
        "noUnusedVariables": "warn",
        "noUndeclaredVariables": "error"
      },
      "suspicious": {
        "noExplicitAny": "warn",
        "noConsoleLog": "warn"
      },
      "style": {
        "noNonNullAssertion": "warn",
        "useNodejsImportProtocol": "warn",
        "useTemplate": "error"
      }
    }
  },
  "formatter": {
    "enabled": true,
    "indentStyle": "tab",
    "indentWidth": 2,
    "lineWidth": 80
  },
  "javascript": {
    "formatter": {
      "quoteStyle": "double",
      "semicolons": "always"
    }
  }
}
```

## Development Practices

### Type Safety

```typescript
// Use strict types with Zod validation
import { z } from "zod";

// Define schema
const userSchema = z.object({
  id: z.string().uuid(),
  email: z.string().email(),
  name: z.string().nullable(),
  role: z.enum(["user", "admin"]),
  createdAt: z.date(),
  updatedAt: z.date(),
});

// Infer type from schema
type User = z.infer<typeof userSchema>;

// Type guard with schema
function isUser(value: unknown): value is User {
  return userSchema.safeParse(value).success;
}

// Use in server action
async function updateUser(input: unknown) {
  const validated = userSchema.parse(input);
  // TypeScript knows validated is User type
  return await db.update(users).set(validated);
}
```

### Server Components

```typescript
// app/users/page.tsx
import { Suspense } from "react";
import { db } from "@/server/db";
import { UserList } from "@/components/users/user-list";
import { UserListSkeleton } from "@/components/users/user-list-skeleton";

export default async function UsersPage() {
  // Server-side database query
  const users = await db.query.users.findMany({
    orderBy: { createdAt: "desc" },
    with: {
      teamMemberships: {
        with: {
          team: true,
        },
      },
    },
  });

  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <h1 className="text-2xl font-bold">Users</h1>
      <Suspense fallback={<UserListSkeleton />}>
        <UserList users={users} />
      </Suspense>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Server Actions

```typescript
// src/server/actions/users.ts
"use server";

import { z } from "zod";
import { db } from "@/server/db";
import { users } from "@/server/db/schema";
import { revalidatePath } from "next/cache";

const updateUserSchema = z.object({
  id: z.string().uuid(),
  name: z.string().min(1),
  email: z.string().email(),
});

export async function updateUser(input: z.infer<typeof updateUserSchema>) {
  const validated = updateUserSchema.parse(input);

  const [user] = await db
    .update(users)
    .set(validated)
    .where(eq(users.id, validated.id))
    .returning();

  revalidatePath("/users");
  return user;
}
```

### Client Components

```typescript
// components/users/user-form.tsx
"use client";

import { useForm } from "react-hook-form";
import { zodResolver } from "@hookform/resolvers/zod";
import { Button } from "@/components/ui/button";
import { Input } from "@/components/ui/input";
import { updateUser } from "@/server/actions/users";
import { useToast } from "@/components/ui/use-toast";

export function UserForm({ user }: { user: User }) {
  const { toast } = useToast();
  const form = useForm({
    resolver: zodResolver(updateUserSchema),
    defaultValues: user,
  });

  async function onSubmit(data: z.infer<typeof updateUserSchema>) {
    try {
      await updateUser(data);
      toast({
        title: "Success",
        description: "User updated successfully",
      });
    } catch (error) {
      toast({
        title: "Error",
        description: "Failed to update user",
        variant: "destructive",
      });
    }
  }

  return (
    <form onSubmit={form.handleSubmit(onSubmit)} className="space-y-4">
      <Input {...form.register("name")} />
      <Input {...form.register("email")} type="email" />
      <Button type="submit" disabled={form.formState.isSubmitting}>
        {form.formState.isSubmitting ? "Saving..." : "Save"}
      </Button>
    </form>
  );
}
```

## Testing

### Unit Tests

```typescript
// src/components/button.test.tsx
import { render, screen } from "@testing-library/react";
import { Button } from "./button";

describe("Button", () => {
  it("renders correctly", () => {
    render(<Button>Click me</Button>);
    expect(screen.getByRole("button")).toHaveTextContent("Click me");
  });

  it("handles loading state", () => {
    render(<Button isLoading>Click me</Button>);
    expect(screen.getByRole("button")).toBeDisabled();
    expect(screen.getByText("Loading...")).toBeInTheDocument();
  });
});
```

### E2E Tests

```typescript
// tests/e2e/auth.spec.ts
import { test, expect } from "@playwright/test";

test.describe("Authentication", () => {
  test("successful login flow", async ({ page }) => {
    await page.goto("/login");
    await page.getByLabel("Email").fill("test@example.com");
    await page.getByLabel("Password").fill("password123");
    await page.getByRole("button", { name: "Sign in" }).click();

    await expect(page).toHaveURL("/dashboard");
    await expect(page.getByText("Welcome back")).toBeVisible();
  });
});
```

## Deployment

### Vercel Configuration

```json
// vercel.json
{
  "buildCommand": "pnpm run build",
  "devCommand": "pnpm run dev",
  "installCommand": "pnpm install",
  "framework": "nextjs",
  "regions": ["iad1"],
  "functions": {
    "src/app/api/**/*": {
      "memory": 1024,
      "maxDuration": 10
    }
  },
  "headers": [
    {
      "source": "/(.*)",
      "headers": [
        {
          "key": "X-Content-Type-Options",
          "value": "nosniff"
        },
        {
          "key": "X-Frame-Options",
          "value": "DENY"
        },
        {
          "key": "X-XSS-Protection",
          "value": "1; mode=block"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Performance Optimization

### Image Loading

```typescript
import Image from "next/image";
import { cn } from "@/lib/utils";

interface AvatarProps {
  src: string;
  alt: string;
  size?: "sm" | "md" | "lg";
  className?: string;
}

export function Avatar({ src, alt, size = "md", className }: AvatarProps) {
  const dimensions = {
    sm: 32,
    md: 48,
    lg: 64,
  };

  return (
    <div
      className={cn(
        "relative rounded-full overflow-hidden",
        {
          "w-8 h-8": size === "sm",
          "w-12 h-12": size === "md",
          "w-16 h-16": size === "lg",
        },
        className
      )}
    >
      <Image
        src={src}
        alt={alt}
        width={dimensions[size]}
        height={dimensions[size]}
        className="object-cover"
        priority={size === "lg"}
      />
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Next Steps

1. [API Reference](/api-reference/introduction) - Explore available APIs
2. [UI Components](/ui) - Browse component library
3. [Authentication](/core/authentication) - Learn about auth flows
4. [Database](/core/database) - Understand data modeling

Commit message:

Rebrand to NextAccel: Next.js implementation agency positioning
Co-authored-by: lacymorrow0 <lacymorrow0@gmail.com>

src/content/docs/development.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Development Guide'
description: 'Comprehensive guide for Next.js development and implementation'
---

# Development Guide

This guide covers everything you need to know about developing enterprise Next.js applications, from local setup to production deployment.

## Development Environment

### IDE Configuration

We recommend using [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) with these essential extensions:

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title="Biome" icon="code">
    [Biome](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=biomejs.biome) for formatting and linting
  </Card>
  <Card title="Tailwind CSS" icon="paintbrush">
    [Tailwind CSS IntelliSense](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=bradlc.vscode-tailwindcss)
  </Card>
  <Card title="MDX" icon="markdown">
    [MDX](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=unifiedjs.vscode-mdx)
  </Card>
  <Card title="TypeScript" icon="code">
    [TypeScript](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-typescript.vscode-typescript-next)
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

#### VS Code Settings

```json
{
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome",
  "[javascript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome"
  },
  "[typescript]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome"
  },
  "[typescriptreact]": {
    "editor.defaultFormatter": "biomejs.biome"
  },
  "typescript.preferences.importModuleSpecifier": "non-relative",
  "typescript.preferences.importModuleSpecifierEnding": "minimal",
  "typescript.preferences.preferTypeOnlyAutoImports": true
}
```

### Development Scripts

NextAccel implementations provide comprehensive npm scripts for development:

```bash
# Development Servers
pnpm dev           # Start development server with Turbo
pnpm dev.legacy    # Start without Turbo
pnpm dev.https     # Start with HTTPS
pnpm dev.all       # Start with workers
pnpm dev.docs      # Start documentation server

# Database Management
pnpm db.generate   # Generate Drizzle types
pnpm db.migrate    # Run migrations
pnpm db.push      # Push schema changes
pnpm db.studio    # Open Drizzle Studio
pnpm db.seed      # Seed database
pnpm db.reset     # Reset database
pnpm db.drop      # Drop database
pnpm db.sync      # Sync database

# Testing
pnpm test         # Run all tests
pnpm test:browser # Run browser tests
pnpm test:watch   # Watch mode
pnpm test:coverage # Generate coverage report

# Code Quality
pnpm typecheck    # Check types
pnpm lint         # Run Biome lint
pnpm lint.fix     # Fix linting issues
pnpm format       # Run Biome format
pnpm check        # Run Biome check

# Workers
pnpm workers.build # Build workers
pnpm workers.dev   # Start worker development
```

## Project Architecture

### Directory Structure

```
src/
├── app/                    # Next.js App Router
│   ├── (auth)/            # Authentication routes
│   ├── (marketing)/       # Public pages
│   ├── dashboard/         # Protected routes
│   ├── api/               # API routes
│   └── _components/       # Route components
├── components/            # React components
│   ├── ui/               # Shadcn/UI components
│   ├── forms/            # Form components
│   ├── blocks/           # Content blocks
│   └── providers/        # Context providers
├── server/               # Server-side code
│   ├── actions/          # Server actions
│   ├── services/         # Business logic
│   ├── db/              # Database schema
│   ├── utils/           # Server utilities
│   ├── middleware/      # Custom middleware
│   └── api/             # API endpoints
├── lib/                  # Utilities
│   ├── utils/           # Helper functions
│   ├── hooks/           # Custom hooks
│   └── config/          # Configuration
├── workers/             # Web Workers
├── migrations/          # Database migrations
├── test/               # Test setup
├── types/              # TypeScript types
└── trpc/              # tRPC configuration
```

## Configuration Files

### TypeScript Configuration

```typescript
// tsconfig.json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    /* Type Checking */
    "strict": true,
    "strictNullChecks": true,
    "noUncheckedIndexedAccess": true,
    "checkJs": true,
    "allowJs": true,
    /* Modules */
    "module": "ESNext",
    "moduleResolution": "Bundler",
    "moduleDetection": "force",
    "resolveJsonModule": true,
    "isolatedModules": true,
    /* Emit */
    "noEmit": true,
    "sourceMap": true,
    "inlineSources": true,
    "incremental": true,
    /* Language and Environment */
    "target": "ES2022",
    "lib": ["dom", "dom.iterable", "ES2022"],
    "jsx": "preserve",
    /* Path Aliases */
    "baseUrl": ".",
    "paths": {
      "@payload-config": ["./src/payload.config.ts"],
      "@/public/*": ["./public/*"],
      "@/*": ["./src/*"],
      "~/*": ["./*"]
    }
  },
  "include": [
    ".eslintrc.json",
    "next-env.d.ts",
    "**/*.ts",
    "**/*.js",
    "**/*.md",
    "**/*.mdx",
    ".next/types/**/*.ts",
    "src/types/next-auth.d.ts",
    "next.config.ts"
  ]
}
```

### Testing Configuration

```typescript
// vitest.config.ts
import react from "@vitejs/plugin-react";
import tsconfigPaths from "vite-tsconfig-paths";
import { defineConfig } from "vitest/config";

export default defineConfig({
  plugins: [react(), tsconfigPaths()],
  test: {
    environment: "jsdom",
    globals: true,
    setupFiles: ["./src/test/setup.ts"],
    coverage: {
      provider: "v8",
      reporter: ["text", "json", "html"],
      exclude: [
        "node_modules/**",
        "src/test/**",
        "**/*.d.ts",
        "**/*.config.ts",
        "**/types/**",
      ],
    }
  }
});
```

### Code Quality

```json
// biome.json
{
  "$schema": "https://biomejs.dev/schemas/1.9.4/schema.json",
  "organizeImports": {
    "enabled": true
  },
  "linter": {
    "enabled": true,
    "rules": {
      "recommended": true,
      "correctness": {
        "noUnusedVariables": "warn",
        "noUndeclaredVariables": "error"
      },
      "suspicious": {
        "noExplicitAny": "warn",
        "noConsoleLog": "warn"
      },
      "style": {
        "noNonNullAssertion": "warn",
        "useNodejsImportProtocol": "warn",
        "useTemplate": "error"
      }
    }
  },
  "formatter": {
    "enabled": true,
    "indentStyle": "tab",
    "indentWidth": 2,
    "lineWidth": 80
  },
  "javascript": {
    "formatter": {
      "quoteStyle": "double",
      "semicolons": "always"
    }
  }
}
```

## Development Practices

### Type Safety

```typescript
// Use strict types with Zod validation
import { z } from "zod";

// Define schema
const userSchema = z.object({
  id: z.string().uuid(),
  email: z.string().email(),
  name: z.string().nullable(),
  role: z.enum(["user", "admin"]),
  createdAt: z.date(),
  updatedAt: z.date(),
});

// Infer type from schema
type User = z.infer<typeof userSchema>;

// Type guard with schema
function isUser(value: unknown): value is User {
  return userSchema.safeParse(value).success;
}

// Use in server action
async function updateUser(input: unknown) {
  const validated = userSchema.parse(input);
  // TypeScript knows validated is User type
  return await db.update(users).set(validated);
}
```

### Server Components

```typescript
// app/users/page.tsx
import { Suspense } from "react";
import { db } from "@/server/db";
import { UserList } from "@/components/users/user-list";
import { UserListSkeleton } from "@/components/users/user-list-skeleton";

export default async function UsersPage() {
  // Server-side database query
  const users = await db.query.users.findMany({
    orderBy: { createdAt: "desc" },
    with: {
      teamMemberships: {
        with: {
          team: true,
        },
      },
    },
  });

  return (
    <div className="space-y-4">
      <h1 className="text-2xl font-bold">Users</h1>
      <Suspense fallback={<UserListSkeleton />}>
        <UserList users={users} />
      </Suspense>
    </div>
  );
}
```

### Server Actions

```typescript
// src/server/actions/users.ts
"use server";

import { z } from "zod";
import { db } from "@/server/db";
import { users } from "@/server/db/schema";
import { revalidatePath } from "next/cache";

const updateUserSchema = z.object({
  id: z.string().uuid(),
  name: z.string().min(1),
  email: z.string().email(),
});

export async function updateUser(input: z.infer<typeof updateUserSchema>) {
  const validated = updateUserSchema.parse(input);

  const [user] = await db
    .update(users)
    .set(validated)
    .where(eq(users.id, validated.id))
    .returning();

  revalidatePath("/users");
  return user;
}
```

### Client Components

```typescript
// components/users/user-form.tsx
"use client";

import { useForm } from "react-hook-form";
import { zodResolver } from "@hookform/resolvers/zod";
import { Button } from "@/components/ui/button";
import { Input } from "@/components/ui/input";
import { updateUser } from "@/server/actions/users";
import { useToast } from "@/components/ui/use-toast";

export function UserForm({ user }: { user: User }) {
  const { toast } = useToast();
  const form = useForm({
    resolver: zodResolver(updateUserSchema),
    defaultValues: user,
  });

  async function onSubmit(data: z.infer<typeof updateUserSchema>) {
    try {
      await updateUser(data);
      toast({
        title: "Success",
        description: "User updated successfully",
      });
    } catch (error) {
      toast({
        title: "Error",
        description: "Failed to update user",
        variant: "destructive",
      });
    }
  }

  return (
    <form onSubmit={form.handleSubmit(onSubmit)} className="space-y-4">
      <Input {...form.register("name")} />
      <Input {...form.register("email")} type="email" />
      <Button type="submit" disabled={form.formState.isSubmitting}>
        {form.formState.isSubmitting ? "Saving..." : "Save"}
      </Button>
    </form>
  );
}
```

## Testing

### Unit Tests

```typescript
// src/components/button.test.tsx
import { render, screen } from "@testing-library/react";
import { Button } from "./button";

describe("Button", () => {
  it("renders correctly", () => {
    render(<Button>Click me</Button>);
    expect(screen.getByRole("button")).toHaveTextContent("Click me");
  });

  it("handles loading state", () => {
    render(<Button isLoading>Click me</Button>);
    expect(screen.getByRole("button")).toBeDisabled();
    expect(screen.getByText("Loading...")).toBeInTheDocument();
  });
});
```

### E2E Tests

```typescript
// tests/e2e/auth.spec.ts
import { test, expect } from "@playwright/test";

test.describe("Authentication", () => {
  test("successful login flow", async ({ page }) => {
    await page.goto("/login");
    await page.getByLabel("Email").fill("test@example.com");
    await page.getByLabel("Password").fill("password123");
    await page.getByRole("button", { name: "Sign in" }).click();

    await expect(page).toHaveURL("/dashboard");
    await expect(page.getByText("Welcome back")).toBeVisible();
  });
});
```

## Deployment

### Vercel Configuration

```json
// vercel.json
{
  "buildCommand": "pnpm run build",
  "devCommand": "pnpm run dev",
  "installCommand": "pnpm install",
  "framework": "nextjs",
  "regions": ["iad1"],
  "functions": {
    "src/app/api/**/*": {
      "memory": 1024,
      "maxDuration": 10
    }
  },
  "headers": [
    {
      "source": "/(.*)",
      "headers": [
        {
          "key": "X-Content-Type-Options",
          "value": "nosniff"
        },
        {
          "key": "X-Frame-Options",
          "value": "DENY"
        },
        {
          "key": "X-XSS-Protection",
          "value": "1; mode=block"
        }
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Performance Optimization

### Image Loading

```typescript
import Image from "next/image";
import { cn } from "@/lib/utils";

interface AvatarProps {
  src: string;
  alt: string;
  size?: "sm" | "md" | "lg";
  className?: string;
}

export function Avatar({ src, alt, size = "md", className }: AvatarProps) {
  const dimensions = {
    sm: 32,
    md: 48,
    lg: 64,
  };

  return (
    <div
      className={cn(
        "relative rounded-full overflow-hidden",
        {
          "w-8 h-8": size === "sm",
          "w-12 h-12": size === "md",
          "w-16 h-16": size === "lg",
        },
        className
      )}
    >
      <Image
        src={src}
        alt={alt}
        width={dimensions[size]}
        height={dimensions[size]}
        className="object-cover"
        priority={size === "lg"}
      />
    </div>
  );
}
```

## Next Steps

1. [API Reference](/api-reference/introduction) - Explore available APIs
2. [UI Components](/ui) - Browse component library
3. [Authentication](/core/authentication) - Learn about auth flows
4. [Database](/core/database) - Understand data modeling
