src/content/docs/env.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Environment Variables'
description: 'Managing environment variables in ShipKit'
---

# Environment Variables

ShipKit uses Zod for type-safe environment variable validation. This ensures runtime safety and provides excellent developer experience with TypeScript integration.

## Quick Setup

1. Copy the example environment file:
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

2. Generate required secrets:
```bash
# Generate AUTH_SECRET
openssl rand -base64 32

# Generate PAYLOAD_SECRET
openssl rand -base64 32
```

## File Structure

- `.env.local` - Local development variables (not committed)
- `.env.test` - Test environment variables (committed)
- `.env.example` - Example variables template (committed)
- `env.schema.ts` - TypeScript schema (committed)

## Required Variables

### Core Authentication
```env
# Base URL for authentication (required)
AUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"

# JWT secret for session management (required)
# Generate with: openssl rand -base64 32
AUTH_SECRET=""
```

### OAuth Providers

#### GitHub
```env
# GitHub OAuth credentials (required)
# Get from: https://github.com/settings/developers
AUTH_GITHUB_ID=""
AUTH_GITHUB_SECRET=""
```

#### Discord
```env
# Discord OAuth credentials (required)
# Get from: https://discord.com/developers/applications
AUTH_DISCORD_ID=""
AUTH_DISCORD_SECRET=""
```

#### Google
```env
# Google OAuth credentials (required)
# Get from: https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials
AUTH_GOOGLE_ID=""
AUTH_GOOGLE_SECRET=""
```

### Database
```env
# PostgreSQL connection string (required)
# Format: postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:password@localhost:5432/shipkit"
```

### Email Service
```env
# Resend API key (required)
# Get from: https://resend.com/api-keys
RESEND_API_KEY=""
```

### Payments
```env
# LemonSqueezy API credentials (required)
# Get from: https://app.lemonsqueezy.com/settings/api
LEMONSQUEEZY_API_KEY=""
LEMONSQUEEZY_STORE_ID=""
LEMONSQUEEZY_WEBHOOK_SECRET=""
```

### Content Management
```env
# Payload CMS secret (required)
# Generate with: openssl rand -base64 32
PAYLOAD_SECRET=""
```

### Node Environment
```env
# Node environment (required)
# Values: development, test, production
NODE_ENV="development"
```

## Type Safety

Environment variables are validated using Zod schemas:

```typescript
// src/env.schema.ts
import { z } from "zod";

export const envSchema = z.object({
  // Core Auth
  AUTH_URL: z.string().url(),
  AUTH_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // OAuth Providers
  AUTH_GITHUB_ID: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_GITHUB_SECRET: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_DISCORD_ID: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_DISCORD_SECRET: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_GOOGLE_ID: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_GOOGLE_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // Database
  DATABASE_URL: z.string().min(1),

  // Email
  RESEND_API_KEY: z.string().min(1),

  // Payments
  LEMONSQUEEZY_API_KEY: z.string().min(1),
  LEMONSQUEEZY_STORE_ID: z.string().min(1),
  LEMONSQUEEZY_WEBHOOK_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // CMS
  PAYLOAD_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // Node Environment
  NODE_ENV: z.enum(["development", "test", "production"]),
});

export type Env = z.infer<typeof envSchema>;
```

## Environment Management

### Local Development

1. Initial setup:
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

2. Update variables:
- Edit `.env.local` directly
- Use `pnpm db:sync` to sync database configuration

### Production (Vercel)

1. Add variables:
```bash
vercel env add MY_NEW_VAR
```

2. Remove variables:
```bash
vercel env rm MY_VAR
```

3. Pull variables:
```bash
vercel env pull .env.production
```

## Best Practices

1. **Security**
   - Never commit `.env.local` or `.env.production`
   - Use strong, unique secrets for each environment
   - Rotate secrets regularly
   - Use different values for development and production

2. **Documentation**
   - Keep `.env.example` updated with all variables
   - Document each variable's purpose and format
   - Include links to external service dashboards

3. **Type Safety**
   - Always update `env.schema.ts` when adding variables
   - Use strict validation rules
   - Handle required variables explicitly

4. **Organization**
   - Group related variables together
   - Use clear, descriptive names
   - Follow naming conventions consistently

## Common Issues

1. **Database Connection**
   - Check DATABASE_URL format
   - Verify database credentials
   - Confirm database server is running

2. **OAuth Configuration**
   - Verify callback URLs match AUTH_URL
   - Check provider credentials
   - Confirm OAuth app settings

3. **Email Service**
   - Validate RESEND_API_KEY format
   - Check API key permissions
   - Monitor email delivery logs

4. **Payment Integration**
   - Verify LemonSqueezy credentials
   - Check webhook configuration
   - Test payment flows in sandbox mode

## Security Considerations

1. **Secret Management**
   - Use a password manager for secrets
   - Never share secrets in plain text
   - Rotate compromised secrets immediately

2. **Access Control**
   - Limit access to production variables
   - Use separate accounts for staging/production
   - Audit variable access regularly

3. **Monitoring**
   - Log environment changes
   - Monitor for unauthorized access
   - Set up alerts for critical changes

## Validation Scripts

```typescript
// scripts/validate-env.ts
import { envSchema } from "../src/env.schema";

function validateEnv() {
  try {
    envSchema.parse(process.env);
    console.log("✅ Environment variables are valid");
  } catch (error) {
    console.error("❌ Invalid environment variables:", error);
    process.exit(1);
  }
}

validateEnv();
```

Run validation:
```bash
pnpm tsx scripts/validate-env.ts
```

Commit message:

Rebrand to NextAccel: Next.js implementation agency positioning
Co-authored-by: lacymorrow0 <lacymorrow0@gmail.com>

src/content/docs/env.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Environment Variables'
description: 'Managing environment variables in Next.js implementations'
---

# Environment Variables

NextAccel implementations use Zod for type-safe environment variable validation. This ensures runtime safety and provides excellent developer experience with TypeScript integration.

## Quick Setup

1. Copy the example environment file:
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

2. Generate required secrets:
```bash
# Generate AUTH_SECRET
openssl rand -base64 32

# Generate PAYLOAD_SECRET
openssl rand -base64 32
```

## File Structure

- `.env.local` - Local development variables (not committed)
- `.env.test` - Test environment variables (committed)
- `.env.example` - Example variables template (committed)
- `env.schema.ts` - TypeScript schema (committed)

## Required Variables

### Core Authentication
```env
# Base URL for authentication (required)
AUTH_URL="http://localhost:3000"

# JWT secret for session management (required)
# Generate with: openssl rand -base64 32
AUTH_SECRET=""
```

### OAuth Providers

#### GitHub
```env
# GitHub OAuth credentials (required)
# Get from: https://github.com/settings/developers
AUTH_GITHUB_ID=""
AUTH_GITHUB_SECRET=""
```

#### Discord
```env
# Discord OAuth credentials (required)
# Get from: https://discord.com/developers/applications
AUTH_DISCORD_ID=""
AUTH_DISCORD_SECRET=""
```

#### Google
```env
# Google OAuth credentials (required)
# Get from: https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials
AUTH_GOOGLE_ID=""
AUTH_GOOGLE_SECRET=""
```

### Database
```env
# PostgreSQL connection string (required)
# Format: postgresql://USER:PASSWORD@HOST:PORT/DATABASE
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:password@localhost:5432/shipkit"
```

### Email Service
```env
# Resend API key (required)
# Get from: https://resend.com/api-keys
RESEND_API_KEY=""
```

### Payments
```env
# LemonSqueezy API credentials (required)
# Get from: https://app.lemonsqueezy.com/settings/api
LEMONSQUEEZY_API_KEY=""
LEMONSQUEEZY_STORE_ID=""
LEMONSQUEEZY_WEBHOOK_SECRET=""
```

### Content Management
```env
# Payload CMS secret (required)
# Generate with: openssl rand -base64 32
PAYLOAD_SECRET=""
```

### Node Environment
```env
# Node environment (required)
# Values: development, test, production
NODE_ENV="development"
```

## Type Safety

Environment variables are validated using Zod schemas:

```typescript
// src/env.schema.ts
import { z } from "zod";

export const envSchema = z.object({
  // Core Auth
  AUTH_URL: z.string().url(),
  AUTH_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // OAuth Providers
  AUTH_GITHUB_ID: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_GITHUB_SECRET: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_DISCORD_ID: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_DISCORD_SECRET: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_GOOGLE_ID: z.string().min(1),
  AUTH_GOOGLE_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // Database
  DATABASE_URL: z.string().min(1),

  // Email
  RESEND_API_KEY: z.string().min(1),

  // Payments
  LEMONSQUEEZY_API_KEY: z.string().min(1),
  LEMONSQUEEZY_STORE_ID: z.string().min(1),
  LEMONSQUEEZY_WEBHOOK_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // CMS
  PAYLOAD_SECRET: z.string().min(1),

  // Node Environment
  NODE_ENV: z.enum(["development", "test", "production"]),
});

export type Env = z.infer<typeof envSchema>;
```

## Environment Management

### Local Development

1. Initial setup:
```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

2. Update variables:
- Edit `.env.local` directly
- Use `pnpm db:sync` to sync database configuration

### Production (Vercel)

1. Add variables:
```bash
vercel env add MY_NEW_VAR
```

2. Remove variables:
```bash
vercel env rm MY_VAR
```

3. Pull variables:
```bash
vercel env pull .env.production
```

## Best Practices

1. **Security**
   - Never commit `.env.local` or `.env.production`
   - Use strong, unique secrets for each environment
   - Rotate secrets regularly
   - Use different values for development and production

2. **Documentation**
   - Keep `.env.example` updated with all variables
   - Document each variable's purpose and format
   - Include links to external service dashboards

3. **Type Safety**
   - Always update `env.schema.ts` when adding variables
   - Use strict validation rules
   - Handle required variables explicitly

4. **Organization**
   - Group related variables together
   - Use clear, descriptive names
   - Follow naming conventions consistently

## Common Issues

1. **Database Connection**
   - Check DATABASE_URL format
   - Verify database credentials
   - Confirm database server is running

2. **OAuth Configuration**
   - Verify callback URLs match AUTH_URL
   - Check provider credentials
   - Confirm OAuth app settings

3. **Email Service**
   - Validate RESEND_API_KEY format
   - Check API key permissions
   - Monitor email delivery logs

4. **Payment Integration**
   - Verify LemonSqueezy credentials
   - Check webhook configuration
   - Test payment flows in sandbox mode

## Security Considerations

1. **Secret Management**
   - Use a password manager for secrets
   - Never share secrets in plain text
   - Rotate compromised secrets immediately

2. **Access Control**
   - Limit access to production variables
   - Use separate accounts for staging/production
   - Audit variable access regularly

3. **Monitoring**
   - Log environment changes
   - Monitor for unauthorized access
   - Set up alerts for critical changes

## Validation Scripts

```typescript
// scripts/validate-env.ts
import { envSchema } from "../src/env.schema";

function validateEnv() {
  try {
    envSchema.parse(process.env);
    console.log("✅ Environment variables are valid");
  } catch (error) {
    console.error("❌ Invalid environment variables:", error);
    process.exit(1);
  }
}

validateEnv();
```

Run validation:
```bash
pnpm tsx scripts/validate-env.ts
```
